https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/santarem/abrantes/3155-abrantes/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/aveiro/agueda/2947-agueda/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/guarda/aguiar-da-beira/3125-aguiar-da-beira/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/evora/alandroal/2953-alandroal/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/aveiro/albergaria-a-velha/2948-albergaria-a-velha/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/faro/albufeira/3094-albufeira/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/setubal/alcacer-do-sal/3123-alcacer-do-sal/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/santarem/alcanena/3159-alcanena/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/leiria/alcobaca/3156-alcobaca/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/setubal/alcochete/3121-alcochete/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/faro/alcoutim/3095-alcoutim/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/lisboa/alenquer/3186-alenquer/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/nut-ii-nut-iii/alentejo/NUTS II - Alentejo.pdf/3296-alentejo/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/nut-ii-nut-iii/alentejo/alentejo-central/3298-alentejo-central/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/nut-ii-nut-iii/alentejo/alentejo-litoral/3301-alentejo-litoral/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/braganca/alfandega-da-fe/3037-alfandega-da-fe/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/nut-ii-nut-iii/algarve/NUTS II - Algarve.pdf/3294-algarve/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/vila-real/alijo/3050-alijo/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/faro/aljezur/3097-aljezur/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/beja/aljustrel/2982-aljustrel/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/setubal/almada/3126-almada/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/guarda/almeida/3127-almeida/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/santarem/almeirim/3161-almeirim/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/beja/almodovar/2984-almodovar/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/santarem/alpiarca/3163-alpiarca/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/portalegre/alter-do-chao/3211-alter-do-chao/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/nut-ii-nut-iii/alentejo/alto-alentejo/3304-alto-alentejo/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/nut-ii-nut-iii/norte/alto-minho/3284-alto-minho/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/nut-ii-nut-iii/norte/alto-tamega/3285-alto-tamega/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/leiria/alvaiazare/3157-alvaiazare/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/beja/alvito/2985-alvito/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/lisboa/amadora/3188-amadora/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/porto/amarante/3236-amarante/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/braga/amares/3007-amares/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/aveiro/anadia/2950-anadia/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/regiao-autonoma-dos-acores/angra-do-heroismo/3225-angra-do-heroismo/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/leiria/ansiao/3158-ansiao/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/viana-do-castelo/arcos-de-valdevez/3096-arcos-de-valdevez/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/nut-ii-nut-iii/lisboa-1/area-metropolitana-de-lisboa/3310-area-metropolitana-de-lisboa/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/nut-ii-nut-iii/norte/area-metropolitana-do-porto/3286-area-metropolitana-do-porto/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/coimbra/arganil/3069-arganil/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/viseu/armamar/2989-armamar/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/aveiro/arouca/2951-arouca/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/evora/arraiolos/2955-arraiolos/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/portalegre/arronches/3213-arronches/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/lisboa/arruda-dos-vinhos/3189-arruda-dos-vinhos/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/nut-ii-nut-iii/norte/ave/3287-ave/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/aveiro/aveiro-1/2952-aveiro/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/portalegre/avis/3214-avis/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/lisboa/azambuja/3191-azambuja/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/porto/baiao/3238-baiao/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/nut-ii-nut-iii/alentejo/baixo-alentejo/3307-baixo-alentejo/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/braga/barcelos/3008-barcelos/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/beja/barrancos/2987-barrancos/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/setubal/barreiro/3128-barreiro/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/leiria/batalha/3160-batalha/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/nut-ii-nut-iii/centro/beira-baixa/3297-beira-baixa/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/nut-ii-nut-iii/centro/beiras-e-serra-da-estrela/3299-beiras-e-serra-da-estrela/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/beja/beja-1/2988-beja/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/castelo-branco/belmonte/3051-belmonte/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/santarem/benavente/3166-benavente/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/leiria/bombarral/3162-bombarral/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/evora/borba/2958-borba/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/vila-real/boticas/3053-boticas/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/braga/braga-1/3010-braga/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/braganca/braganca-1/3038-braganca/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/braga/cabeceiras-de-basto/3011-cabeceiras-de-basto/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/lisboa/cadaval/3192-cadaval/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/leiria/caldas-da-rainha/3164-caldas-da-rainha/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/regiao-autonoma-dos-acores/calheta/3229-calheta-1/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/regiao-autonoma-da-madeira/calheta-2/3265-calheta/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/regiao-autonoma-da-madeira/camara-de-lobos/3268-camara-de-lobos/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/viana-do-castelo/caminha/3098-caminha/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/portalegre/campo-maior/3216-campo-maior/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/coimbra/cantanhede/3070-cantanhede/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/braganca/carrazeda-de-ansiaes/3039-carrazeda-de-ansiaes/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/viseu/carregal-do-sal/2991-carregal-do-sal/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/santarem/cartaxo/3172-cartaxo/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/lisboa/cascais/3194-cascais/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/leiria/castanheira-de-pera/3165-castanheira-de-pera/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/castelo-branco/castelo-branco-1/3052-castelo-branco/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/aveiro/castelo-de-paiva/2954-castelo-de-paiva/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/portalegre/castelo-de-vide/3217-castelo-de-vide/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/viseu/castro-daire/2993-castro-daire/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/faro/castro-marim/3099-castro-marim/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/beja/castro-verde/2990-castro-verde/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/nut-ii-nut-iii/norte/cavado/3288-cavado/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/guarda/celorico-da-beira/3129-celorico-da-beira/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/braga/celorico-de-basto/3013-celorico-de-basto/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/nut-ii-nut-iii/centro/NUTS II - Centro.pdf/3295-centro/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/santarem/chamusca/3168-chamusca/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/vila-real/chaves/3063-chaves/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/viseu/cinfaes/2996-cinfaes/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/coimbra/coimbra-1/3071-coimbra/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/coimbra/condeixa-a-nova/3072-condeixa-a-nova/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/santarem/constancia/3174-constancia/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/nut-ii-nut-iii/continente/NUTS I - Continente.pdf/3282-continente/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/santarem/coruche/3176-coruche/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/regiao-autonoma-dos-acores/corvo/3232-corvo/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/castelo-branco/covilha/3054-covilha/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/portalegre/crato/3218-crato/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/beja/cuba-2/2992-cuba/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/guarda/Distrito - Guarda.pdf/3124-distrito-da-guarda/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/aveiro/Distrito - Aveiro.pdf/2946-distrito-de-aveiro/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/beja/Distrito - Beja.pdf/2978-distrito-de-beja/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/braga/Distrito - Braga.pdf/3006-distrito-de-braga/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/braganca/Distrito - Bragança.pdf/3036-distrito-de-braganca/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/castelo-branco/Distrito - Castelo Branco.pdf/3049-distrito-de-castelo-branco/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/coimbra/Distrito - Coimbra.pdf/3065-distrito-de-coimbra/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/evora/Distrito - Évora.pdf/4067-distrito-de-evora/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/faro/Distrito - Faro.pdf/3093-distrito-de-faro/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/leiria/Distrito - Leiria.pdf/3154-distrito-de-leiria/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/lisboa/Distrito - Lisboa.pdf/3183-distrito-de-lisboa/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/portalegre/Distrito - Portalegre.pdf/3210-distrito-de-portalegre/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/santarem/Distrito - Santarém.pdf/4061-distrito-de-santarem/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/setubal/Distrito - Setúbal.pdf/4062-distrito-de-setubal/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/viana-do-castelo/Distrito - Viana do Castelo.pdf/3103-distrito-de-viana-do-castelo/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/viseu/Distrito - Viseu.pdf/4064-distrito-de-viseu/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/porto/Distrito - Porto.pdf/3235-distrito-do-porto/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/vila-real/Distrito - Vila Real.pdf/3092-distrito-de-vila-real/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/nut-ii-nut-iii/norte/douro/3289-douro/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/portalegre/elvas/3219-elvas/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/santarem/entroncamento/3182-entroncamento/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/aveiro/espinho/2956-espinho/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/braga/esposende/3014-esposende/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/aveiro/estarreja/2957-estarreja/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/evora/estremoz/2983-estremoz/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/evora/evora-1/2961-evora/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/braga/fafe/3016-fafe/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/faro/faro-1/3101-faro/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/porto/felgueiras/3239-felgueiras/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/beja/ferreira-do-alentejo/2994-ferreira-do-alentejo/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/santarem/ferreira-do-zezere/3184-ferreira-do-zezere/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/coimbra/figueira-da-foz/3073-figueira-da-foz/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/guarda/figueira-de-castelo-rodrigo/3131-figueira-de-castelo-rodrigo/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/leiria/figueiro-dos-vinhos/3167-figueiro-dos-vinhos/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/guarda/fornos-de-algodres/3133-fornos-de-algodres/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/braganca/freixo-de-espada-a-cinta/3040-freixo-de-espada-a-cinta/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/portalegre/fronteira/3220-fronteira/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/regiao-autonoma-da-madeira/funchal/3269-funchal/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/castelo-branco/fundao/3055-fundao/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/portalegre/gaviao/3222-gaviao/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/coimbra/gois/3075-gois/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/santarem/golega/3185-golega/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/porto/gondomar/3241-gondomar/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/guarda/gouveia/3135-gouveia/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/setubal/grandola/3130-grandola/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/guarda/guarda-1/3137-guarda/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/braga/guimaraes/3017-guimaraes/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/regiao-autonoma-dos-acores/horta/3234-horta/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/castelo-branco/idanha-a-nova/3056-idanha-a-nova/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/aveiro/ilhavo/2959-ilhavo/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/faro/lagoa-1/3102-lagoa/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/regiao-autonoma-dos-acores/lagoa/3237-concelho-lagoa/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/faro/lagos/3105-lagos/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/regiao-autonoma-dos-acores/lajes-das-flores/3240-lajes-das-flores/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/regiao-autonoma-dos-acores/lajes-do-pico/3243-lajes-do-pico/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/viseu/lamego/2998-lamego/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/leiria/leiria-1/3169-leiria/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/nut-ii-nut-iii/alentejo/leziria-do-tejo/3309-leziria-do-tejo/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/lisboa/lisboa-2/3195-lisboa/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/faro/loule/3107-loule/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/lisboa/loures/3196-loures/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/lisboa/lourinha/3198-lourinha/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/coimbra/lousa/3076-lousa/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/porto/lousada/3242-lousada/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/santarem/macao/3190-macao/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/braganca/macedo-de-cavaleiros/3041-macedo-de-cavaleiros/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/regiao-autonoma-da-madeira/machico/3270-machico/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/regiao-autonoma-dos-acores/madalena/3246-madalena/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/lisboa/mafra/3199-mafra/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/porto/maia/3244-maia/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/viseu/mangualde/3001-mangualde/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/guarda/manteigas/3139-manteigas/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/porto/marco-de-canaveses/3245-marco-de-canaveses/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/leiria/marinha-grande/3171-marinha-grande/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/portalegre/marvao/3226-marvao/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/porto/matosinhos/3247-matosinhos/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/aveiro/mealhada/2960-mealhada/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/guarda/meda/3140-meda/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/nut-ii-nut-iii/centro/medio-tejo/3300-medio-tejo/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/viana-do-castelo/melgaco/3100-melgaco/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/beja/mertola/2995-mertola/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/vila-real/mesao-frio/3064-mesao-frio/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/coimbra/mira/3077-mira/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/coimbra/miranda-do-corvo/3079-miranda-do-corvo/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/braganca/miranda-do-douro/3042-miranda-do-douro/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/braganca/mirandela/3043-mirandela/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/braganca/mogadouro/3044-mogadouro/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/viseu/moimenta-da-beira/3004-moimenta-da-beira/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/setubal/moita/3132-moita/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/viana-do-castelo/moncao/3106-moncao/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/faro/monchique/3108-monchique/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/vila-real/mondim-de-basto/3066-mondim-de-basto/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/portalegre/monforte/3227-monforte/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/vila-real/montalegre/3067-montalegre/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/evora/montemor-o-novo/2964-montemor-o-novo/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/coimbra/montemor-o-velho/3080-montemor-o-velho/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/setubal/montijo/3134-montijo/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/evora/mora/2966-mora/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/viseu/mortagua/3005-mortagua/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/beja/moura/2997-moura/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/evora/mourao/2967-mourao/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/vila-real/murca/3068-murca/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/aveiro/murtosa/2962-murtosa/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/leiria/nazare/3173-nazare/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/viseu/nelas/4065-nelas/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/portalegre/nisa/3228-nisa/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/regiao-autonoma-dos-acores/nordeste-2/3248-nordeste/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/nut-ii-nut-iii/norte/NUTS II - Norte.pdf/3283-norte/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/leiria/obidos/3175-obidos/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/beja/odemira/2999-odemira/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/lisboa/odivelas/3201-odivelas/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/lisboa/oeiras/3202-oeiras/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/nut-ii-nut-iii/centro/oeste/3302-oeste/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/castelo-branco/oleiros/3057-oleiros/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/faro/olhao/3110-olhao/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/aveiro/oliveira-de-azemeis/2963-oliveira-de-azemeis/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/viseu/oliveira-de-frades/4066-oliveira-de-frades/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/aveiro/oliveira-do-bairro/2965-oliveira-do-bairro/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/coimbra/oliveira-do-hospital/3082-oliveira-do-hospital/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/santarem/ourem/3193-ourem/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/beja/ourique/3000-ourique/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/aveiro/ovar/2968-ovar/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/porto/pacos-de-ferreira/3249-pacos-de-ferreira/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/setubal/palmela/3136-palmela/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/coimbra/pampilhosa-da-serra/3084-pampilhosa-da-serra/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/porto/paredes/3251-paredes/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/viana-do-castelo/paredes-de-coura/3109-paredes-de-coura/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/leiria/pedrogao-grande/3177-pedrogao-grande/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/coimbra/penacova/3085-penacova/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/porto/penafiel/3253-penafiel/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/viseu/penalva-do-castelo/3009-penalva-do-castelo/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/castelo-branco/penamacor/3058-penamacor/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/viseu/penedono/3012-penedono/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/coimbra/penela/3086-penela/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/leiria/peniche/3178-peniche/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/vila-real/peso-da-regua/4063-peso-da-regua/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/guarda/pinhel/3142-pinhel/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/leiria/pombal/3180-pombal/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/regiao-autonoma-dos-acores/ponta-delgada/3250-ponta-delgada/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/regiao-autonoma-da-madeira/ponta-do-sol/3272-ponta-do-sol/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/viana-do-castelo/ponte-da-barca/3112-ponte-da-barca/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/viana-do-castelo/ponte-de-lima/3114-ponte-de-lima/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/portalegre/ponte-de-sor/3230-ponte-de-sor/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/portalegre/portalegre-1/3231-portalegre/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/evora/portel/2969-portel/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/faro/portimao/3111-portimao/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/porto/porto-1/3254-porto/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/leiria/porto-de-mos/3181-porto-de-mos/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/regiao-autonoma-da-madeira/porto-moniz/3273-porto-moniz/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/regiao-autonoma-da-madeira/porto-santo/3274-porto-santo/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/nut-ii-nut-iii/portugal/NUTS 0 - Portugal.pdf/3281-portugal/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/braga/povoa-de-lanhoso/3019-povoa-de-lanhoso/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/porto/povoa-de-varzim/3255-povoa-de-varzim/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/regiao-autonoma-dos-acores/povoacao/3252-povoacao/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/castelo-branco/proenca-a-nova/3059-proenca-a-nova/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/evora/redondo/2972-redondo/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/regiao-autonoma-da-madeira/NUTS I - Região Autónoma da Madeira.pdf/3264-regiao-autonoma-da-madeira/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/nut-ii-nut-iii/regiao-autonoma-da-madeira-1/NUTS I - Região Autónoma da Madeira.pdf/3290-regiao-autonoma-da-madeira-1/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/regiao-autonoma-dos-acores/NUTS I - Região Autónoma dos Açores.pdf/3221-regiao-autonoma-dos-acores/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/nut-ii-nut-iii/regiao-autonoma-dos-acores-2/NUTS I - Região Autónoma dos Açores.pdf/3293-regiao-autonoma-dos-acores-1/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/nut-ii-nut-iii/centro/regiao-de-aveiro/3303-regiao-de-aveiro/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/nut-ii-nut-iii/centro/regiao-de-coimbra/3305-regiao-de-coimbra/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/nut-ii-nut-iii/centro/regiao-de-leiria/3306-regiao-de-leiria/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/evora/reguengos-de-monsaraz/2975-reguengos-de-monsaraz/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/viseu/resende/3015-resende/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/regiao-autonoma-da-madeira/ribeira-brava/3275-ribeira-brava/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/vila-real/ribeira-de-pena/3074-ribeira-de-pena/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/regiao-autonoma-dos-acores/ribeira-grande/3256-ribeira-grande/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/santarem/rio-maior/3197-rio-maior/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/aveiro/s-joao-da-madeira/2970-s-joao-da-madeira/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/vila-real/sabrosa/3078-sabrosa/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/guarda/sabugal/3144-sabugal/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/santarem/salvaterra-de-magos/3200-salvaterra-de-magos/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/viseu/santa-comba-dao/3024-santa-comba-dao/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/regiao-autonoma-da-madeira/santa-cruz/3276-santa-cruz/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/regiao-autonoma-dos-acores/santa-cruz-da-graciosa/3262-santa-cruz-da-graciosa/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/regiao-autonoma-dos-acores/santa-cruz-das-flores/3266-santa-cruz-das-flores/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/aveiro/santa-maria-da-feira/2971-santa-maria-da-feira/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/vila-real/santa-marta-de-penaguiao/3081-santa-marta-de-penaguiao/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/regiao-autonoma-da-madeira/santana/3279-santana/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/santarem/santarem-1/3203-santarem/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/setubal/santiago-do-cacem/3138-santiago-do-cacem/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/porto/santo-tirso/3258-santo-tirso/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/faro/sao-bras-de-alportel/3113-sao-bras-de-alportel/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/viseu/s-joao-da-pesqueira/3018-sao-joao-da-pesqueira/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/viseu/s-pedro-do-sul/3021-sao-pedro-do-sul/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/regiao-autonoma-dos-acores/s-roque-do-pico/3257-sao-roque-do-pico/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/regiao-autonoma-da-madeira/sao-vicente/3280-sao-vicente/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/santarem/sardoal/3206-sardoal/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/viseu/satao/3026-satao/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/guarda/seia/3145-seia/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/setubal/seixal/3141-2018-07-18-concelho-seixal/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/viseu/sernancelhe/3028-sernancelhe/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/beja/serpa/3002-serpa/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/castelo-branco/serta/3060-serta/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/setubal/sesimbra/3143-sesimbra/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/setubal/setubal-1/3146-setubal/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/aveiro/sever-do-vouga/2973-sever-do-vouga/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/faro/silves/3115-silves/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/setubal/sines/3148-sines/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/lisboa/sintra/3204-sintra/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/lisboa/sobral-de-monte-agraco/3205-sobral-de-monte-agraco/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/coimbra/soure/3087-soure/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/portalegre/sousel/3233-sousel/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/coimbra/tabua/3089-tabua/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/viseu/tabuaco/3029-tabuaco/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/nut-ii-nut-iii/norte/tamega-e-sousa/3291-tamega-e-sousa/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/viseu/tarouca/3030-tarouca/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/faro/tavira/3118-tavira/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/braga/terras-de-bouro/3020-terras-de-bouro/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/nut-ii-nut-iii/norte/terras-de-tras-os-montes/3292-terras-de-tras-os-montes/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/santarem/tomar/3209-tomar/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/viseu/tondela/3031-tondela/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/braganca/torre-de-moncorvo/3045-torre-de-moncorvo/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/santarem/torres-novas/3212-torres-novas/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/lisboa/torres-vedras/3207-torres-vedras/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/guarda/trancoso/3147-trancoso/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/porto/trofa/3259-trofa/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/aveiro/vagos/2974-vagos/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/aveiro/vale-de-cambra/2976-vale-de-cambra/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/viana-do-castelo/valenca/3116-valenca/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/porto/valongo/3260-valongo/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/vila-real/valpacos/3083-valpacos/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/regiao-autonoma-dos-acores/velas/3267-velas/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/evora/vendas-novas/2977-vendas-novas/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/evora/viana-do-alentejo/2979-viana-do-alentejo/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/viana-do-castelo/viana-do-castelo-1/3117-viana-do-castelo-2/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/beja/vidigueira/3003-vidigueira/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/braga/vieira-do-minho/3022-vieira-do-minho/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/regiao-autonoma-dos-acores/vila-praia-da-vitoria/3278-vila-da-praia-da-vitoria/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/castelo-branco/vila-de-rei/3061-vila-de-rei/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/faro/vila-do-bispo/3120-vila-do-bispo/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/porto/vila-do-conde/3261-vila-do-conde/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/regiao-autonoma-dos-acores/vila-do-porto/3271-vila-do-porto/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/braganca/vila-flor/3046-vila-flor/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/lisboa/vila-franca-de-xira/3208-vila-franca-de-xira/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/regiao-autonoma-dos-acores/vila-franca-do-campo/3277-vila-franca-do-campo/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/santarem/vila-nova-da-barquinha/3215-vila-nova-da-barquinha/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/viana-do-castelo/vila-nova-de-cerveira/3119-vila-nova-de-cerveira/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/braga/vila-nova-de-famalicao/3023-vila-nova-de-famalicao/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/guarda/vila-nova-de-foz-coa/3149-vila-nova-de-foz-coa/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/porto/vila-nova-de-gaia/3263-vila-nova-de-gaia/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/viseu/vila-nova-de-paiva/3032-vila-nova-de-paiva/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/coimbra/vila-nova-de-poiares/3090-vila-nova-de-poiares/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/vila-real/vila-pouca-de-aguiar/3088-vila-pouca-de-aguiar/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/vila-real/vila-real-1/3091-vila-real/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/faro/vila-real-de-santo-antonio/3122-vila-real-de-santo-antonio/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/castelo-branco/vila-velha-de-rodao/3062-vila-velha-de-rodao/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/braga/vila-verde/3025-vila-verde/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/evora/vila-vicosa/2980-vila-vicosa/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/braganca/vimioso/3047-vimioso/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/braganca/vinhais/3048-vinhais/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/viseu/viseu-1/3033-viseu/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/nut-ii-nut-iii/centro/viseu-dao-lafoes/3308-viseu-dao-lafoes/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/braga/vizela/3027-vizela/file
https://www.gee.gov.pt/pt/lista-publicacoes/estatisticas-regionais/distritos-concelhos/viseu/vouzela/3034-vouzela/file
